feat(release): Release 0.26 (#1415)
falcosecurity/falco: RELEASE.md

### 3. Release PR

> - From the `master` branch checkout a new branch titled the release number such as `git checkout -b 0.26.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From the `master` branch checkout a new branch titled the release number such as `git checkout -b x.y.z`
```

Anyways, do we want to enforce the branch name?
Once merged that branch will be automatically deleted...
